README.md, before:

# postgresql_json_excel

This API use PostgreSql json type. and This api can use create excel view. You can add column and data. Basic code has been writed it will be improve. Feel free to improve this project. Also check vue excell app. [excel_vue](https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/excel_vue)

# Instalation Guide

## With VirtualEnv

1.) Clone Project
```
git clone https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/postgresql_json_excel.git
```
2.) Create Virtualenv and activate
```
virtualenv env
source env/Scripts/activate
```
I use git bash when creating virtualenv if you use Cmd. You can write directly env/Scripts/activate.

3.) Go Project and install requirments.txt
```
cd postgresql_json_excel/
pip install -r requirments.txt
```
Be sure virtualenv is active when you installing requirments.

4.) Create .env file
You need to create .env file according to .env.exaxmple file.

5.) Run
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:9000
```
default [excel_vue](https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/excel_vue) project use 9000 port.
you can also run this code
```
python manage.py runserver
```


# Design Document

:open_book:[Design_Document](design.md)


# License
   
   Copyright 2020 Furkan Ozkaya

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Dockerfile added. readme has been changed.

README.md, after:

# postgresql_json_excel

This API use PostgreSql json type. and This api can use create excel view. You can add column and data. Basic code has been writed it will be improve. Feel free to improve this project. Also check vue excell app. [excel_vue](https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/excel_vue)

# Instalation Guide

Before installation you need to install PostgreSql database.

## With VirtualEnv

1.) Clone Project
```
git clone https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/postgresql_json_excel.git
```
2.) Create Virtualenv and activate
```
virtualenv env
source env/Scripts/activate
```
I use git bash when creating virtualenv if you use Cmd. You can write directly env/Scripts/activate.

3.) Go Project and install requirments.txt
```
cd postgresql_json_excel/
pip install -r requirments.txt
```
Be sure virtualenv is active when you installing requirments.

4.) Create .env file

You need to create .env file according to .env.example file.

5.) Run
```
python manage.py runserver 0.0.0.0:9000
```
default [excel_vue](https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/excel_vue) project use 9000 port.
you can also run this code
```
python manage.py runserver
```


## With Docker
1.) Clone Project
```
git clone https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/postgresql_json_excel.git
```
2.) Create .env file

You need to create .env file according to .env.example file.

3.) Docker Build
```
cd postgresql_json_excel

docker build -t excelapp .
```

4.) Docker Run
```
docker run --network=host excelapp
```

if you using local postgresql database you need to run with --network=host option.

Default [excel_vue](https://github.com/FurkanOzkaya/excel_vue) project use 9000 port.
Dockerfile writed according to this.

# Design Document

:open_book:[Design_Document](design.md)


# License
   
   Copyright 2020 Furkan Ozkaya

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
